Initial GPU docs (#437)
IntelPython/daal4py: doc/index.rst

In the example above, it can be seen that model is divided into training and
prediction.  This gives flexibility when writing custom grid searches and custom
functions that modify model behavior or use it as a parameter. Daal4py also

> allows for direct usage of NumPy arrays and Pandas DataFrames instead of oneDAL's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
allows for direct usage of NumPy arrays and pandas DataFrames instead of oneDAL
```

> NumericTables, which allow for better integration with the Pandas/NumPy/SciPy stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NumericTables, which allow for better integration with the pandas/NumPy/SciPy stack.
```

        algo.compute(input)
    result = algo.finalize()

oneAPI and GPU support in daal4py
---------------------------------

> daal4py provide support of oneAPI conepts such as context and queues. This allow execution of
> algorithms on different devices, particularly GPUs. This implemented via 'with sycl_context("xpu")'
> blocks that will direct execution to selected device type. gpu, cpu and host devices are supported
> at the moment. Same aproach implemented for scikit-learn patching, so scikit-learn programs can be
> executed on GPU devices as well.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
daal4py provides support of oneAPI concepts such as context and queues, which means that
algorithms can be executed on different devices, GPUs in particular. This is implemented via 'with sycl_context("xpu")'
blocks that redirect execution to a device of the selected type: GPU, CPU, or host.
Same approach is implemented for scikit-learn patching, so scikit-learn programs can be
executed on GPU devices as well.
```

do we need a link to the description of oneAPI concepts?

> Intel CPU/GPU optimizations patching:

Reviewer: maybe like this?

```suggestion
To patch your code with Intel CPU/GPU optimizations:
```

```py
from daal4py.sklearn import patch_sklearn
from daal4py.oneapi import sycl_context
patch_sklearn()

> from sklearn.svm import SVC

Reviewer 2: I would suggest describing what algorithms to patch on the GPU. And choose another algorithm for an example, since now the svm is not patched for the GPU.

Author: changed to DBSCAN

from sklearn.datasets import load_digits
digits = load_digits()
X, y = digits.data, digits.target
with sycl_context("gpu"):
    clf = SVC().fit(X, y)
    res = clf.predict(X)
```

> For GPU execution DPC++ runtime(compiler runtime and driver) are requered - DPC++ system

Reviewer 2: It should be said that the runtime can be obtained through a conda or pip channel.

Author: done

> For GPU execution DPC++ runtime(compiler runtime and driver) are requered - DPC++ system
> requirements(https://software.intel.com/content/www/us/en/develop/articles/intel-oneapi-dpcpp-system-requirements.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For execution on GPU, DPC++ compiler runtime and driver are required. Refer to `DPC++ system
requirements <https://software.intel.com/content/www/us/en/develop/articles/intel-oneapi-dpcpp-system-requirements.html>`_ for details.
```

        algo.compute(input)
    result = algo.finalize()

oneAPI and GPU support in daal4py
---------------------------------
daal4py provides support of oneAPI concepts such as context and queues, which means that
algorithms can be executed on different devices, GPUs in particular. This is implemented via 'with sycl_context("xpu")'
blocks that redirect execution to a device of the selected type: GPU, CPU, or host.
Same approach is implemented for scikit-learn patching, so scikit-learn programs can be
executed on GPU devices as well.

To patch your code with Intel CPU/GPU optimizations:
```py
from daal4py.sklearn import patch_sklearn
from daal4py.oneapi import sycl_context
patch_sklearn()

from sklearn.cluster import DBSCAN

X = np.array([[1., 2.], [2., 2.], [2., 3.],
            [8., 7.], [8., 8.], [25., 80.]], dtype=np.float32)
with sycl_context("gpu"):
    clustering = DBSCAN(eps=3, min_samples=2).fit(X)
```
For execution on GPU, DPC++ compiler runtime and driver are required. Refer to `DPC++ system
requirements <https://software.intel.com/content/www/us/en/develop/articles/intel-oneapi-dpcpp-system-requirements.html>`_ for details.

> DPC++ compiler runtime can be installed from:
> PyPi - pip install dpcpp-cpp-rt
> 
> Anaconda - conda install dpcpp_cpp_rt -c intel 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DPC++ compiler runtime can be installed either from PyPI or Anaconda:

- Install from PyPI::
  
     pip install dpcpp-cpp-rt

- Install from Anaconda::
  
     conda install dpcpp_cpp_rt -c intel 
```

        algo.compute(input)
    result = algo.finalize()

oneAPI and GPU support in daal4py
---------------------------------
daal4py provides support of oneAPI concepts such as context and queues, which means that
algorithms can be executed on different devices, GPUs in particular. This is implemented via 'with sycl_context("xpu")'
blocks that redirect execution to a device of the selected type: GPU, CPU, or host.
Same approach is implemented for scikit-learn patching, so scikit-learn programs can be
executed on GPU devices as well.

> To patch your code with Intel CPU/GPU optimizations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To patch your code with Intel CPU/GPU optimizations:

```

> ```py
> from daal4py.sklearn import patch_sklearn
> from daal4py.oneapi import sycl_context
> patch_sklearn()
> 
> from sklearn.cluster import DBSCAN
> 
> X = np.array([[1., 2.], [2., 2.], [2., 3.],
>             [8., 7.], [8., 8.], [25., 80.]], dtype=np.float32)
> with sycl_context("gpu"):
>     clustering = DBSCAN(eps=3, min_samples=2).fit(X)
> ```

Reviewer: rst syntax

```suggestion
.. code-block:: python

   from daal4py.sklearn import patch_sklearn
   from daal4py.oneapi import sycl_context
   patch_sklearn()

   from sklearn.cluster import DBSCAN

   X = np.array([[1., 2.], [2., 2.], [2., 3.],
               [8., 7.], [8., 8.], [25., 80.]], dtype=np.float32)
   with sycl_context("gpu"):
      clustering = DBSCAN(eps=3, min_samples=2).fit(X)
```

>       clustering = DBSCAN(eps=3, min_samples=2).fit(X)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      clustering = DBSCAN(eps=3, min_samples=2).fit(X)

```
